[ADD] events: added an event tracks doc (#9241)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/events/event_tracks.rst

============
Event tracks
============

Odoo *Events* provides users with the ability to create, schedule, and manage talks, lectures,

> demonstrations, presentations, etc., which are otherwise known as *Tracks*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
demonstrations, presentations, etc.. These are otherwise known as *Tracks*.
```

Author: I'm personally not the "biggest fan" of the double-period to end a sentence. But I fully understand where you're coming from with this suggestion. However, since both are still grammatically correct, I think I'm going to opt for sticking with its current formatting. But, that said, if any other reviewer sees this as an issue, I'll readily make the change (and say Tim saw it first! 😆 ) Thanks!

> The Odoo *Events* application also has an option for users to allow event attendees to propose
> talks for an event, which can then be approved (or disapproved) by internal users on the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Odoo *Events* application also has an option for users to allow event attendees to propose
talks (tracks) for an event, which can then be approved (or disapproved) by internal users on the database.
```

upper-left corner of the :guilabel:`Settings` page.

Event Tracks page
=================

To access, modify, and/or create tracks for an event, first navigate to a preconfigured event, or
create a new one from the *Events* application.

To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app`, and either select a pre-existing event from the
:guilabel:`Events` dashboard, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Once on the desired event form, click into the :guilabel:`Tracks` smart button at the top of the
form. If that smart button is not readily available, click the :guilabel:`More` :icon:`fa-sort-desc`
drop-down menu to reveal hidden smart buttons.

Then, click :guilabel:`Tracks` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Clicking that smart button reveals the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page for that particular event,
which presents all the tracks (both scheduled and proposed) for the event, if there are any.

.. image:: track_manage_talks/event-tracks-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical event tracks page for an event in the Odoo Events application.

The tracks are presented in a default Kanban view, but there is also the option to view these tracks

> in a :guilabel:`List`, :guilabel:`Gantt` chart, :guilabel:`Calendar`, :guilabel:`Graph`, or
> :guilabel:`Activity` view. All of which are accessible in the upper-right corner of the
> :guilabel:`Tracks` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`List`, :icon:`oi-view-cohort` :guilabel:`Gantt` chart, :icon:`fa-calendar-check-o` :guilabel:`Calendar`, :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Graph`, or :icon:`fa-clock-o`
:guilabel:`Activity` view. All of which are accessible in the upper-right corner of the
:guilabel:`Tracks` page.
```

> In the default Kanban view, the tracks are categorized into different stages. The default stages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` view, the tracks are categorized into different stages. The default stages
```

are: :guilabel:`Proposal`, :guilabel:`Confirmed`, :guilabel:`Announced`, :guilabel:`Published`,

> :guilabel:`Refused`, and :guilabel:`Cancelled`. All of which can be edited, if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Refused` (collapsed stage), and :guilabel:`Cancelled` (collapsed stage). All of which can be edited, if needed.
```

Reviewer: How can they be edited? hover--> gear icon--> edit

Clicking into a track from the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page reveals the track form for that
particular track.

Create event track
------------------

> From the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page, click :guilabel:`New` to reveal a blank event track form to
> use to create an event track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page, click :guilabel:`New` to reveal a blank event track form to create an event track.
```

.. image:: track_manage_talks/event-track-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical event track form in the Odoo Events application.

> Start by giving this track a :guilabel:`Title`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by giving this track a :guilabel:`Title`. This field is required by Odoo.
```

Then, if desired, add an accompanying image to the track via the :icon:`fa-pencil`
:guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the :icon:`fa-camera`
:guilabel:`(camera)` icon in the upper-right corner of the form. When clicked, proceed to upload the

> desired image for the track.

Reviewer: Where will the end user see this image?

Author: added that in 👍

Next, apply a :guilabel:`Track Date` for the track, and designate a :guilabel:`Location` where the

> talk is planning to be held.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
talk is planning to be held.
```

Maybe add how to manually reach the track locations? configuration--> Track locations

> Then, add a :guilabel:`Duration` to the track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add a :guilabel:`Duration` to the track.
```

Is the duration in minutes? can I put 00:80 or does it have to be 1:20

Author: great question. its in minutes. i added this specificity, as well. nice catch!

> If the :guilabel:`Live Broadcast` setting has been enabled, users have the option to add a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :guilabel:`Live Broadcast` setting has been enabled in the *Events* app settings, then users have the option to add a
```

> corresponding link in the :guilabel:`YouTube Video Link` field.

Reviewer: Does the user need to configure youtube on their own? Or is there an API integration?

Author: It's my understanding that they can simply add a typical YouTube URL as the link in this instance, without any other specific configurations. However, I can happily reach out to the PE to learn more. That said, I think for the time being, we can leave this as-is, and once I hear back, I can add that specific information in a new PR. 👍

If the :guilabel:`Always Wishlisted` checkbox is ticked, the talk is automatically set as a favorite

> for each registered attendee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for each registered attendee.
```

attendee to the event or attendee to the track/talk?

Author: event. i'll make that specific designation now. thanks!

> Assign an internal user to be in charge of managing this event in the :guilabel:`Responsible` field.
> By default, the user who initially created the track is assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assign an internal user to be in charge of managing this event in the :guilabel:`Responsible` field.
By default, the user who initially created the track is assigned.
```

You mention assigning a user to manage the "event" will this be management of the event or the "track"?

Author: Great catch. Fully my mistake. It's meant to say "track" -- not "event"

Then, ensure the track is applied to the correct event in the :guilabel:`Event` field. By default,

> this field is populated with the event related to the *Event Tracks* page the track was originally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this field is auto-populated with the event related to the *Event Tracks* page the track was originally
```

*Talks* web page on the event website, via the drop-down filter menus.

Beneath that general information section, there are three tabs: :guilabel:`Speaker`,
:guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`Interactivity`.

Speaker tab
~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Speaker` tab on an event track form is filled with various fields related to the
specific speaker who is planning to conduct/host the track.

.. image:: track_manage_talks/speaker-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Speaker tab on an event track form in the Odoo Events application.

Contact Details section
***********************

In the :guilabel:`Contact Details` section, proceed to use the :guilabel:`Contact` drop-down field
to select an existing contact from the database as the main point of contact for the talk.

If this contact is not yet in the database, type in the name of the contact, and click
:guilabel:`Create` to create and edit the contact form later, or click :guilabel:`Create and
edit...` to be taken to that new contact's contact form, where the rest of their pertinent
information can be entered.

The :guilabel:`Contact Email` and :guilabel:`Contact Phone` fields are greyed-out and populated with

> the information found on that chosen contact's contact form. These fields are not modifiable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the information found on that chosen contact's contact form. These fields are not modifiable once the :guilabel:`Contact` field is selected.
```

> Speaker Bio section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speaker Bio section
```

This section was pre-populated based on the contact I selected in the Contact Details section

Reviewer: What is this section used for? To show on the website or for the organizer to introduce the speaker?

*******************

In the :guilabel:`Speaker Bio` section, proceed to enter information related to the specific speaker
scheduled to conduct/host the track.

Start by entering a :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`Phone` number for the speaker.

Next, if desired, add an image to appear alongside the speaker biogrpahy on the event website, via
the :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the
:icon:`fa-camera` :guilabel:`(camera)` icon. When clicked, proceed to upload the desired image for
the speaker.

Then, enter a :guilabel:`Job Position` for the designated speaker, followed by the
:guilabel:`Company Name` associated with the speaker.

In the :guilabel:`Biography` field, proceed to enter in a custom biography with any speaker-related
information.

> Description tab
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> The :guilabel:`Decription` tab of an event track form is a blank text field, in which a description
> of the track can be entered. The information entered here appears on the specific track page on the
> event website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Decription` tab of an event track form is a blank text field, in which a description
of the track can be entered. The information entered here appears on the specific track page on the
event website.
```
Could this be used for a track agenda? or outline?

Interactivity tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Interactivity` tab on an event track form features a single option at first:
:guilabel:`Magic Button`.

.. image:: track_manage_talks/interactivity-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Interactivity tab on an event track form in the Odoo Events application.

> When the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Magic Button` is ticked, Odoo displays a *call to action* button
> to attendees while the track is taking place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Magic Button` is ticked, Odoo displays a *call to action* button
to attendees while the track is taking place.
```

Where does Odoo present this call to action button for the attendee?

Author: added this in, as well. great call! 👍

With that checkbox ticked, three more options appear, all of which are related to the
:guilabel:`Magic Button`:

- :guilabel:`Button Title`: enter a title to appear on the button for attendees

> - :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL for Odoo to take attendees who click the button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL for attendees to follow, who click the button
```

Needs clarity, I'm not sure my suggestion is best though

> - :guilabel:`Button Title`: enter a title to appear on the button for attendees
> - :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL for Odoo to take attendees who click the button
> - :guilabel:`Show Button`: enter a number in the field, and the button will appear that many
>   :guilabel:`minutes after Track start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Button Title`: enter a title to appear on the button for attendees.
- :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL for attendees to follow who click the button.
- :guilabel:`Show Button`: enter a number in the field, and the button will appear that number of
  :guilabel:`minutes after Track start`.
```

Publish event track
===================

> Once all the desired configurations are complete on an event track form, proceed to move it into the
> appropriate Kanban stage on the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page for the event it is meant for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the desired configurations are complete on an event track form, proceed to click and drag it into the
appropriate :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` stage on the event's :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page.
```

> Then, from the event track form, click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button, and Odoo reveals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, click into the event track form, and click the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button. Odoo reveals
```

the event track page as it will appear on the event website.

> In order for the track page to be viewable (and accessible) for event attendees, toggle the
> :guilabel:`Unpublished` switch to :guilabel:`Published`, thus making it accessible for attendees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the track page to be viewable (and accessible) for event attendees, toggle the
:icon:`fa-toggle-off ` :guilabel:`Unpublished` switch to :icon:`fa-toggle-on ` :guilabel:`Published`; thus turning it from red to green and making it accessible for attendees.
```

create a new one from the *Events* application.

To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app`, and either select a pre-existing event from the
:guilabel:`Events` dashboard, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Once on the desired event form, click into the :guilabel:`Tracks` smart button at the top of the
form.

.. tip::
   If that smart button is not readily available, click the :guilabel:`More` :icon:`fa-sort-desc`
   drop-down menu to reveal hidden smart buttons.

Then, click :guilabel:`Tracks` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Clicking that smart button reveals the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page for that particular event,
which presents all the tracks (both scheduled and proposed) for the event, if there are any.

.. image:: event_tracks/event-tracks-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical event tracks page for an event in the Odoo Events application.

The tracks are presented in a default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` view, but there is
also the option to view these tracks in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`List`,
:icon:`oi-view-cohort` :guilabel:`Gantt` chart, :icon:`fa-calendar-check-o` :guilabel:`Calendar`,

> :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Graph`, or :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`Activity` view. All of

Author: I fully understand this suggestion, however, I think (from an aesthetic standpoint) it looks a little cleaner in this current format. But, that said, if Sam thinks it needs to be changed, I'll be sure to implement those modifications (and give you full credit for the suggestion)

> :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Graph`, or :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`Activity` view. All of

Reviewer 2: Lo, no need for credit- and I understand your view as well! =)  Just trying to be thorough since I have never done a final review before.

Speaker Bio section
*******************

In the :guilabel:`Speaker Bio` section, proceed to enter information related to the specific speaker
scheduled to conduct/host the track. This section may auto-populate based on the :guilabel:`Contact`
selected in the :guilabel:`Contact Details` section. If not, enter information in the necessary
fields.

.. note::
   This information appears on the front-end of the event website, on the specific track webpage,
   providing more information about the speaker to the track attendees.

Start by entering a :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`Phone` number for the speaker.

Next, if desired, add an image to appear alongside the speaker biogrpahy on the event website, via
the :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the
:icon:`fa-camera` :guilabel:`(camera)` icon. When clicked, proceed to upload the desired image for
the speaker.

Then, enter a :guilabel:`Job Position` for the designated speaker, followed by the
:guilabel:`Company Name` associated with the speaker.

In the :guilabel:`Biography` field, proceed to enter in a custom biography with any speaker-related

> information.

Reviewer 2: Is there anything else they may need to know- for example, can they write in HTML and it populates the website like that? or anything they can or can't do? I'm just thinking out loud!

Author: I completely get where you're coming from with this suggestion, however, I think keeping things simple and succinct is the best move here, as it's a fairly self-explanatory field. But, again, I really appreciate the suggestion. 🙏

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Decription` tab of an event track form is a blank text field, in which a description
of the track can be entered. The information entered here appears on the specific track page on the
event website.

Interactivity tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Interactivity` tab on an event track form features a single option at first:
:guilabel:`Magic Button`.

.. image:: event_tracks/interactivity-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Interactivity tab on an event track form in the Odoo Events application.

When the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Magic Button` is ticked, Odoo displays a *call to action* button
to attendees on the track page, while the track is taking place.

With that checkbox ticked, three more options appear, all of which are related to the
:guilabel:`Magic Button`:

- :guilabel:`Button Title`: enter a title to appear on the button for attendees.
- :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL that leads attendees, who click the button, to a
  specific page.
- :guilabel:`Show Button`: enter a number in the field, and the button will appear that number of
  :guilabel:`minutes after Track start`.

Publish event track
===================

> Once all the desired configurations are complete on an event track form, proceed to click and drag

Reviewer 2: I think they need to navigate back to the track page, right? Might want to add that step since I was still on the new track page.

Author: Great point! I cleaned up this section with some minor rewrites, and think it's a WHOLE LOT cleaner now. Thanks! 👍

it into the appropriate :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` stage on the event's
:guilabel:`Event Tracks` page.

> 

Reviewer 2: General question- do you need to address the QUIZ smart button at all? Is that specific to the track only? Or will that be a separate doc?

Author: It's a bit too simplistic for its own doc, and I thought about linking back to a surveys doc about question creation... but, instead, I just decided to write a new section about track quizzes in *this* doc, and even threw in a reference link/anchor for good measure 👍 think everything is fully explained at this point. Thanks for the suggestion 🙏

for an event, which can then be approved (or disapproved).

Configuration
=============

First, there are some settings that need to be enabled, in order to get the most out of event
tracks.

To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Settings`, and tick the
checkbox beside the :guilabel:`Schedule & Tracks` setting. Doing so provides the ability to manage
and publish an event schedule with various tracks.

Also, when that setting checkbox is ticked, two additional setting options appear beneath it:
:guilabel:`Live Broadcast` and :guilabel:`Event Gamification`.

.. image:: event_tracks/track-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Schedule and Tracks setting in the Odoo Events app, along with corresponding options.

The :guilabel:`Live Broadcast` option provides the ability to air tracks online through a *YouTube*
integration.

The :guilabel:`Event Gamification` options provides the ability to share a quiz with track attendees
once the track is over, in order to test how much they learned.

.. note::
   With the :guilabel:`Event Gamification` setting enabled, an :guilabel:`Add Quiz` button appears

>    on track forms, providing the ability to :ref:`quickly create a quiz <events/add-quiz>` specific
>    to the topic related to that particular track.

Reviewer 3: Please add the prefix "track-" to each custom anchor and ref for added specificity 🙏
```suggestion
   on track forms, providing the ability to :ref:`quickly create a quiz <events/track-add-quiz>`
   specific to the topic related to that particular track.
```

Once all desired settings have been enabled, be sure to click the :guilabel:`Save` button in the
upper-left corner of the :guilabel:`Settings` page.

Event Tracks page
=================

To access, modify, and/or create tracks for an event, first navigate to a preconfigured event, or
:doc:`create a new one <create_events>` from the *Events* application.

To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app`, and either select a pre-existing event from the
:guilabel:`Events` dashboard, or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

Once on the desired event form, click into the :guilabel:`Tracks` smart button at the top of the
form.

.. tip::

>    If that smart button is not readily available, click the :guilabel:`More` :icon:`fa-sort-desc`
>    drop-down menu to reveal hidden smart buttons. Then, click :guilabel:`Tracks` from the resulting
>    drop-down menu.
> 
> Clicking that smart button reveals the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page for that particular event,
> which presents all the tracks (both scheduled and proposed) for the event, if there are any.

Reviewer 3: Nitpick– to avoid "that"
```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Tracks` smart button is not readily available, click the :guilabel:`More`
   :icon:`fa-sort-desc` drop-down menu to reveal hidden smart buttons. Then, click
   :guilabel:`Tracks` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Clicking the :guilabel:`Tracks` smart button reveals the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page for that
particular event, which presents all the tracks (both scheduled and proposed) for the event, if
there are any.
```

.. image:: event_tracks/event-tracks-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical event tracks page for an event in the Odoo Events application.

> The tracks are presented in a default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` view, but there is
> also the option to view these tracks in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`List`,
> :icon:`oi-view-cohort` :guilabel:`Gantt` chart, :icon:`fa-calendar-check-o` :guilabel:`Calendar`,
> :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`Graph`, or :icon:`fa-clock-o` :guilabel:`Activity` view. All of
> which are accessible in the upper-right corner of the :guilabel:`Tracks` page.

Reviewer 3: Icon formatting 
```suggestion
The tracks are presented in a default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` view, but there is
also the option to view these tracks in a :icon:`oi-view-list` :guilabel:`(List)`,
:icon:`oi-view-cohort` :guilabel:`(Gantt)` chart, :icon:`fa-calendar-check-o`
:guilabel:`(Calendar)`, :icon:`fa-area-chart` :guilabel:`(Graph)`, or :icon:`fa-clock-o`
:guilabel:`(Activity)` view. All of which are accessible in the upper-right corner of the
:guilabel:`Tracks` page.
```

> In the default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`Kanban` view, the tracks are categorized into

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the default :icon:`oi-view-kanban` :guilabel:`(Kanban)` view, the tracks are categorized into
```

different stages. The default stages are: :guilabel:`Proposal`, :guilabel:`Confirmed`,
:guilabel:`Announced`, :guilabel:`Published`, :guilabel:`Refused` (collapsed stage), and
:guilabel:`Cancelled` (collapsed stage). All of which can be edited, if needed.

.. tip::

>    To edit a stage, hover over the stage name, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`Settings` icon,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To edit a stage, hover over the stage name, click the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Settings)` icon,
```

   and select :guilabel:`Edit` from the resulting drop-down menu.

Clicking into a track from the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page reveals the track form for that
particular track.

Create event track
------------------

From the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page, click :guilabel:`New` in the upper-left corner to reveal a
blank event track form to create an event track.

.. image:: event_tracks/event-track-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical event track form in the Odoo Events application.

Start by giving this track a :guilabel:`Title`. This field is **required** by Odoo.

Then, if desired, add an accompanying image to the track via the :icon:`fa-pencil`
:guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the :icon:`fa-camera`
:guilabel:`(camera)` icon in the upper-right corner of the form. When clicked, proceed to upload the
desired image for the track. This image appears on the front-end of the event website, on this
specific tracks webpage.

Next, enter a :guilabel:`Track Date` and time for the track, and designate a :guilabel:`Location`
where the talk is planning to be held.

.. tip::

>    To access a complete list of locations for event tracks, which can be modified (and addded to) at

Reviewer 3: Typo
```suggestion
   To access a complete list of locations for event tracks, which can be modified (and added to) at
```

   any time, navigate to :menuselection:`Events app --> Configuration --> Track Locations`.

Then, add a :guilabel:`Duration` to the track (in minutes).

> If the :guilabel:`Live Broadcast` setting has been enabled in the *Events* app settings, the option
> to add a corresponding link in the :guilabel:`YouTube Video Link` field is available.

Reviewer 3: Remove guilabel since this is not on the screen
```suggestion
If the *Live Broadcast* setting has been enabled in the *Events* app settings, the option to add a
corresponding link in the :guilabel:`YouTube Video Link` field is available.
```

If the :guilabel:`Always Wishlisted` checkbox is ticked, the talk is automatically set as a favorite
for each registered event attendee.

Assign someone to be in charge of managing this track in the :guilabel:`Responsible` field. By
default, the person who initially created the track is assigned.

Then, ensure the track is applied to the correct event in the :guilabel:`Event` field. By default,
this field is auto-populated with the event related to the *Event Tracks* page the track was
originally created from.

Next, choose to add existing tags, or create new ones, to further organize the track. These tags,
and their corresponding tag categories are utilized on the event specific website - mainly on the
*Talks* web page on the event website, via the drop-down filter menus.

> Beneath that general information section, there are three tabs: :ref:`Speaker <events/speaker-tab>`,
> :ref:`Description <events/description-tab>`, and :ref:`Interactivity <events/interactivity-tab>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Beneath that general information section, there are three tabs: :ref:`Speaker
<events/track-speaker-tab>`, :ref:`Description <events/track-description-tab>`, and
:ref:`Interactivity <events/track-interactivity-tab>`.
```

> .. _events/speaker-tab:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/track-speaker-tab:
```

to select an existing contact from the database as the main point of contact for the talk.

If this contact is not yet in the database, type in the name of the contact, and click
:guilabel:`Create` to create and edit the contact form later, or click :guilabel:`Create and
edit...` to be taken to that new contact's contact form, where the rest of their pertinent
information can be entered.

The :guilabel:`Contact Email` and :guilabel:`Contact Phone` fields are greyed-out and populated with
the information found on that chosen contact's contact form. These fields are not modifiable once
the :guilabel:`Contact` field is selected.

Speaker Bio section
*******************

In the :guilabel:`Speaker Bio` section, proceed to enter information related to the specific speaker
scheduled to conduct/host the track. This section may auto-populate based on the :guilabel:`Contact`
selected in the :guilabel:`Contact Details` section. If not, enter information in the necessary
fields.

.. note::
   This information appears on the front-end of the event website, on the specific track webpage,
   providing more information about the speaker to the track attendees.

> Start by entering a :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`Phone` number for the speaker.

Reviewer 3: Line over 100 chars
```suggestion
Start by entering a :guilabel:`Name`, :guilabel:`Email`, and :guilabel:`Phone` number for the
speaker.
```

Next, if desired, add an image to appear alongside the speaker biogrpahy on the event website, via
the :icon:`fa-pencil` :guilabel:`(pencil)` icon that appears when the cursor hovers over the
:icon:`fa-camera` :guilabel:`(camera)` icon. When clicked, proceed to upload the desired image for
the speaker.

Then, enter a :guilabel:`Job Position` for the designated speaker, followed by the
:guilabel:`Company Name` associated with the speaker.

In the :guilabel:`Biography` field, proceed to enter in a custom biography with any speaker-related
information.

> .. _events/description-tab:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/track-description-tab:
```

Description tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The :guilabel:`Decription` tab of an event track form is a blank text field, in which a description

Reviewer 3: Typo
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Description` tab of an event track form is a blank text field, in which a description
```

of the track can be entered. The information entered here appears on the specific track page on the
event website.

> .. _events/interactivity-tab:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/track-interactivity-tab:
```

Interactivity tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :guilabel:`Interactivity` tab on an event track form features a single option at first:
:guilabel:`Magic Button`.

.. image:: event_tracks/interactivity-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Interactivity tab on an event track form in the Odoo Events application.

When the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Magic Button` is ticked, Odoo displays a *call to action* button

> to attendees on the track page, while the track is taking place.

Reviewer 3: The button appears in the track sidebar (that displays other published tasks while on a task page)
```suggestion
to attendees on the track sidebar, while the track is taking place.
```

With that checkbox ticked, three more options appear, all of which are related to the
:guilabel:`Magic Button`:

- :guilabel:`Button Title`: enter a title to appear on the button for attendees.
- :guilabel:`Button Target URL`: enter a URL that leads attendees, who click the button, to a
  specific page.
- :guilabel:`Show Button`: enter a number in the field, and the button will appear that number of
  :guilabel:`minutes after Track start`.

> 

Reviewer 3: If there is only a single track for the event, the magic button will __not__ appear
```suggestion
.. note::
   The magic button only appears if there is more than one published track.
```

> .. _events/add-quiz:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. _events/track-add-quiz:
```

:guilabel:`Extra Comment` field.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Correct`, :guilabel:`Points`, and :guilabel:`Extra Comment` fields are all
   optional.

Repeat this process for all the answer options.

To remove an answer option, click the :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on the
far-right.

Once all desired answer options (and their configurations) are complete, click :guilabel:`Save &
Close` to save the question, close the pop-up window, and return to the track quiz form. Or, click
:guilabel:`Save & New` to save this question, and instantly start creating another question on a new
:guilabel:`Create Questions` pop-up form.

To remove any question from the quiz, click the :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`(trash can)` icon on
the far-right of the question line.

Publish event track
===================

Once all the desired configurations are complete on an event track form, click the desired stage it
should be in from the status bar in the upper-right corner (e.g. :guilabel:`Confirmed`,
:guilabel:`Announced`, etc.).

.. note::
   The stage of a track can also be changed from the :guilabel:`Event Tracks` page, where the

>    desired track card can be dragged-and-dropped into the approrpiate Kanban stage.

Reviewer 3: Typo
```suggestion
   desired track card can be dragged-and-dropped into the appropriate Kanban stage.
```
